.TH YED-CUSTOM_FRAMES 7 "YED Plugin Manuals" "" "YED Plugin Manuals"
.SH NAME
custom_frames \- Gives a configurable framework to attach custom frames and special animations to special buffers
.SH CONFIGURATION
.SS see commands
.SH COMMANDS
.SS float
.SS set-custom-buffer-frame (frame-name[""]) (split/float['f']) (close-after[0/1]) (max-x[0.0/1.0]) (max-y[0.0/1.0]) (max-width[0.0/1.0]) (max-height[0.0/1.0])
                    (use-animation[0/1]) (min-x[0.0/1.0]) (min-y[0.0/1.0]) (min-width[0.0/1.0]) (min-height[0.0/1.0]) (speed[int]) (buff-arr["*buff *buff *buff"])
.SS split
.SS set-custom-buffer-frame (frame-name[""]) (split/float['s']) (close-after[0/1]) (max-split['h'/'v']) (max-loc[('t'/'b')/('l'/'r')]) (max-use-root['r'/'a'])
                    (max-size[0.0/1.0]) (max-heirarchy[int]) (use-animation[0/1]) (min-size[0.0/1.0]) (speed[int]) (buff-arr["*buff *buff *buff"])
.SS special-buffer-prepare-focus "*buffer_name"
.SS special-buffer-prepare-jump-focus "*buffer_name"
.SS special-buffer-prepare-unfocus "*buffer_name"

.SH BUFFERS
None
.SH NOTES
.P This plugin overrides three core YED functions, special-buffer-prepare-focus special-buffer-prepare-jump-focus and special-buffer-prepare-unfocus.
The way that you use this plugin is as follows. Add a configuration line in your yedrc for every frame that you want to behave a certain way.
You then can set up the parameters of how that frame should function and then what buffers you want to open in that type of frame. I will describe
the parameters now.
.SS frame-name: "" [""] "      " The new frame's name that will behave in a specific pattern when a linked buffer is opened or activated.
.SS split/float: ['s' / 'f'] Wether you want the new frame to be a split of a frame or a new "floating" frame.
.SS close-after: [0 / 1] "   " Wether you want to close the frame when another frame is activated.
.SS --------------------
.SS if split/float == 'f'
.SS "    " max-x: "    " [0.0 \- 1.0] The starting x position of the "full sized" frame. 0.0 is far left and 1.0 is far right.
.SS "    " max-y: "    " [0.0 \- 1.0] The starting y position of the "full sized" frame. 0.0 is far left and 1.0 is far right.
.SS "    " max-width: "" [0.0 \- 1.0] The width of the "full sized" frame.
.SS "    " max-height: [0.0 \- 1.0] The height of the "full sized" frame.
.SS --------------------
.SS if split/float == 's'
.SS "    " max-split: ['h' / 'v'] Wether the split will be along the 'h' horizontal or 'v' vertical axis.
.SS "    " --------------------
.SS "    " if max-split == 'h'
.SS "    " "    " max-loc: ['t' / 'b'] Wether you want to set the new frame in the 't' top or 'b' bottom of the new horizontal split.
.SS "    " --------------------
.SS "    " if max-split == 'v'
.SS "    " "    " max-loc: ['l' / 'r'] Wether you want to set the new frame in the 'l' left or 'r' right of the new vertical split.
.SS "    " --------------------
.SS "    " max-use-root: "" ['r' / 'a'] Wether you want the split to be off of the 'r' root frame or the 'a' active frame.
.SS "    " max-size: "    " [0.0 \- 1.0] The width or height of the "full sized" split frame based on the max size of the root frame.
.SS "    " max-heirarchy: [int] "     " This sets the precidence for frame overlap. The lower the number the higher the precidence. A frame with heirarchy of 0 will allways overlap one with 1.
.SS --------------------
.SS use-animation: [0 / 1] Wether or not you want to make the frame use animations.
.SS --------------------
.SS if use-animation == 1
.SS "    " if split/float == 'f'
.SS "    " "    " min-x: "    " [0.0 \- 1.0] The starting x position of the "minimum sized" frame. 0.0 is far left and 1.0 is far right.
.SS "    " "    " min-y: "    " [0.0 \- 1.0] The starting y position of the "minimum sized" frame. 0.0 is far left and 1.0 is far right.
.SS "    " "    " min-width: "" [0.0 \- 1.0] The width of the "minimum sized" frame.
.SS "    " "    " min-height: [0.0 \- 1.0] The height of the "minimum sized" frame.
.SS "    " --------------------
.SS "    " if split/float == 's'
.SS "    " "    " min-size: " " [0.0 \- 1.0] The width or height of the "minimum sized" split frame based on the min size of the root frame.
.SS "    " --------------------
.SS "    " speed: [int] The speed at which the animation will occur. This is in Hz.
.SS --------------------
.SS buff-arr: [""] A string of buffer names that are separated by a space. This is what links together a custom frame and the buffers.
.SH VERSION
0.0.1
.SH KEYWORDS
custom_frames, custom, frame, special, buffers, animations
