.TH YED-FSTYLE 7 "YED Plugin Manuals" "" "YED Plugin Manuals"
.SH NAME
fstyle \- Create and activate styles in plaintext.
.SH CONFIGURATION
None
.SH COMMANDS
.SS fstyle [path]
If path is provided, load the style from the file at path and activate it. Otherwise, use the path of the current buffer.
.SS fstyle-export
If the buffer in the active frame is an fstyle buffer, export the style as C code that can be compiled into a plugin.
If the style is named, for example, "test.fstyle", the exported file will be called "test.c".
.SH BUFFERS
None
.SH NOTES
.P
Creates the fstyle file type.
When fstyle files are edited in yed with this plugin loaded, the buffer shows each line in the attributes it is setting and updates them as you edit.
Here is an example of the syntax:

.EX
    active               fg c9bfb6    bg 113537
    active-border        fg 7180ac    bg 113537
    active-gutter        fg c9bfb6    bg 113537
    inactive             fg c9bfb6    bg 113537
    inactive-border      fg 7180ac    bg 113537
    inactive-gutter      fg c9bfb6    bg 113537
    cursor-line                       bg 355070
    selection                         bg 355070
    search               fg 49d45c    bg 170326    inverse
    search-cursor        fg d4495c    bg 170326    inverse
    attention            fg c00000                 bold
    associate            fg c9bfb6    bg 900040
    status-line          fg 252730    bg 7180ac    bold
    command-line         fg c9bfb6    bg 113537
    popup                fg c9bfb6    bg 900040
    popup-alt            fg c9bfb6    bg 900040    inverse
    good                 fg 009000
    bad                  fg e00000
    code-comment         fg 909090                 bold
    code-keyword         fg 8bbeb2
    code-control-flow    fg 8bbeb2
    code-typename        fg f2af29
    code-preprocessor    fg 6153cc                 bold
    code-fn-call         fg 8cBcd9
    code-number          fg e56b6f
    code-constant        fg 6153cc                 bold
    code-field           fg a99fc6
    code-variable        fg a99fc6
    code-string          fg dcccff
    code-character       fg dcccff
    code-escape          fg ef009f
.EE

When the style is loaded, the basename of its file will be used as the name.
For example, ~/.config/yed/styles/cubic.fstyle will be named "cubic".

.SH VERSION
0.0.1
.SH KEYWORDS
style color colors live create attributes
