.TH YED-TERMINAL 7 "YED Plugin Manuals" "" "YED Plugin Manuals"
.SH NAME
terminal \- A terminal emulator in a yed buffer.
.SH CONFIGURATION
.SS terminal-shell
The child process to start. Defaults to the value of $SHELL.
.SS terminal-termvar
This determines what the value of $TERM is to child process.
The default value is xterm-256color.
It is not advised to change this unless you know what you're doing.
.SS terminal-scrollback
The number of lines to hold as available scrollback in the terminal buffer.
The default value is 10000.
.SS terminal-max-block-size
The maximum number of bytes that can be read from the child process before forcing an update
to the buffer.
The default value is 16384.
.SS terminal-auto-term-mode
If this variable is truthy, term mode will be automatically turned back on when activating a frame with a terminal buffer in it.
Defaults to ON.
.SS terminal-show-welcome
If this variable is truthy, the YED TERMINAL message will be printed when a new terminal starts.
Defaults to yes.
.SS terminal-debug-log
If this variable is truthy, debug log messages will be printed about terminal state and control sequences.
Defaults to OFF.
.SS terminal-color0
Attribute string to use for color0. Defaults to &black.
.SS terminal-color1
Attribute string to use for color1. Defaults to &red.
.SS terminal-color2
Attribute string to use for color2. Defaults to &green.
.SS terminal-color3
Attribute string to use for color3. Defaults to &yellow.
.SS terminal-color4
Attribute string to use for color4. Defaults to &blue.
.SS terminal-color5
Attribute string to use for color5. Defaults to &magenta.
.SS terminal-color6
Attribute string to use for color6. Defaults to &cyan.
.SS terminal-color7
Attribute string to use for color7. Defaults to &gray.
.SS terminal-color8
Attribute string to use for color8. Defaults to &gray.
.SS terminal-color9
Attribute string to use for color9. Defaults to &red.
.SS terminal-color10
Attribute string to use for color10. Defaults to &green.
.SS terminal-color11
Attribute string to use for color11. Defaults to &yellow.
.SS terminal-color12
Attribute string to use for color12. Defaults to &blue.
.SS terminal-color13
Attribute string to use for color13. Defaults to &magenta.
.SS terminal-color14
Attribute string to use for color14. Defaults to &cyan.
.SS terminal-color15
Attribute string to use for color15. Defaults to &white.
.SS terminal-color-default
Attribute string to use for deafult text. Defaults to &active.
.SH COMMANDS
.SS term-new
Open a new terminal buffer. New terminal buffers are named *term#, where # is a positive integer starting at 0.
.SS term-open [#]
Opens a terminal buffer and displays in a frame acquired by calling special-buffer-prepare-focus.
If # is provided, use *term# (creating it if it doesn't exist).
Otherwise, a new terminal is created.
.SS term-open-no-frame [#]
This command behaves the same as term-open, but does not call special-buffer-prepare-focus and instead uses the currently active frame.
.SS toggle-term-mode
Turn term mode ON/OFF for the current terminal buffer. See NOTES for information about term mode.
.SS term-mode-off BUFFER
Turn term mode OFF for the terminal buffer BUFFER.
.SS term-mode-on BUFFER
Turn term mode ON for the terminal buffer BUFFER.
.SS term-feed-keys BUFFER KEYS...
Send each key in KEYS to the terminal buffer BUFFER.

Example: term-feed-keys *term0 l s enter
.SS term-feed-text BUFFER TEXT
Send each character in TEXT to the terminal buffer BUFFER.

Example: term-feed-text *term0 "ls\\n"
.SS term-bind KEY CMD ARGS...
Bind KEY to execute CMD ARGS... when in a terminal and in term mode.
.SS term-unbind KEY
Remove terminal key binding for KEY.
.SH NOTES
Notable Features:
.TS
tab(@);
| c | c |
| l | l |.
_
SUPPORTED@UNSUPPORTED
_
Truecolor@SGR Mouse Reporting
Bracketed Paste Mode@Italic text
OSC 52 pass-through@Sixel Graphics
_
.TE

A terminal buffer in "term mode" behaves less like a yed buffer and more like a terminal.
Keys presses go through the terminal's input handling and mostly bypass other yed/plugin functionality.
If term mode is turned off via toggle-term-mode, the buffer behaves like a normal yed buffer that can
be scrolled, yanked from, searched, and all the other nice things that you can do with yed buffers.
Note, however, that the terminal buffers are read-only (only the terminal plugin modifies the buffers),
because manipulating the contents otherwise would desynchronize the state of the terminal with the
programs running in it.

By default, ctrl-t is bound in the terminal to toggle-term-mode.

Key bindings are inserted into a new keymap called "terminal".
.SH VERSION
0.0.1
.SH KEYWORDS
terminal, shell, term, command
