.TH YED-TREE_VIEW 7 "YED Plugin Manuals" "" "YED Plugin Manuals"
.SH NAME
tree_view \- A buffer that shows a tree view of all files.
.SH CONFIGURATION
.SS tree-view-update-period: number of seconds between updates defualt is 5seconds.
.SS tree-view-hidden-items: space separated string of substrings to
keep from appearing in the tree_view.
.SS tree-view-image-extensions: space separated string of extra extensions to
check for when determining if a file is an image file or not.
.SS tree-view-archive-extensions: space separated string of extra extensions to
check for when determining if a file is an archive file or not.
.SS tree-view-child-char-l: character of l shape in tree_view, default is "└".
.SS tree-view-child-char-i: character of i shape in tree_view, default is "│".
.SS tree-view-child-char-t: character of t shape in tree_view, default is "├".
.SS tree-view-directory-color: attribute string for coloring directories.
.SS tree-view-exec-color: attribute string for coloring executables.
.SS tree-view-symbolic-link-color: attribute string for coloring symbolic links.
.SS tree-view-device-color: attribute string for coloring devices.
.SS tree-view-graphic-image-color: attribute string for coloring graphic images.
.SS tree-view-archive-color: attribute string for coloring archive files.
.SS tree-view-broken-link-color: attribute string for coloring broken links.
.SH COMMANDS
.SS tree-view: opens the tree-view-list buffer.
.SH BUFFERS
.SS *tree-view-list
.SH NOTES
None
.SH VERSION
0.0.1
.SH KEYWORDS
tree_view, special, buffers
